Hello I stand here in front of the team hotel of the austrians here
percent is also the same press conference under him
of course, be prepared for the game on Monday around all the best I can
Of course, it's hard for her to get in the outfit
I camouflaged myself
Percent of some press conferences east
from the development
Calla foul
OK
okay i've saved all year now here are loose
so
some inside
I just stopped and if it is not there anymore
I dont know
Migrants, they would have a couple of slippers team act here
AP Roxel not previously does not want summers trying to relax
with slippers yes it is
important here is simply the shoes cost Mr. Steffens
do that without big ones
Press conferences will be on Tuesday
on Tuesday is the press conference
currently he is leaving
but then it is already over and still stands in front of the
Press Conference especially on its customers
dpa
of course will
with the lie
it was cheap
proud of the development
then I would have known colleagues have just stuck that yesterday
Under certain circumstances, a visit to the intestine should have taken place before me
if that's true and secondly if they personally visit the hotel from Tuesday
possibly could arise
the hotel
I can warmly thank Curd or Scania
Crew about the movie is not always the German
problem-free
Data again we encourage a young hope for that because they are the poor
around the band singer Jessie j
how is the fat content of the muscles around this song their title than they before
for over seven hours
The companies must necessarily per cent - the second movie to play along
Fourth with Berthold was no problem with quieter World Cup 2010
would have about three teenagers
nearly 50 million euros are
The soldiers would soon be totally motivated by over 50 in teaching
gone from a press conference I think I'm so motivated
I could even now
walk over the water